Now this fall is actually not that long.
It's adjacent fall Jason format and first of all we have the index page.
This indicates what is the root page of our app we want to cash and load and that of course is the next
H.
Tim follow.
Sitting directly in the root server folder we're serving from.
And then we get a so-called asset group or actually asset groups.
It's an array and in there we got to s of groups these objects which we have in there now that groups
are configurations that define which static assets should be cached and how they should be cached dynamic
assets for example would be the data from the API.
So data we're fetching which might change on that API.
So it's not static it changes frequently.
Our team El-Fadl our javascript code will also change with every build but offer to build it static.
It's not changing in some database or anything like that.
So that's what an asset group is.
We can give such a group a name whichever name you like and you can then define how should these assets
be loaded prefetch means that when your page loads angular will go ahead or the service worker will
go ahead and already prefetch all the assets which are specified in this as group which means it puts
it into cash.
Even if you haven't needed them yet the alternative to prefetch is lazy.
You can use debt to and dad would only load them once you needed them at least once.
The advantage of lazy is of course that you don't occupy all the bandwidth right at the beginning.
The downside is that if you need it for the first time it will not be there.
So if the user loses the internet connection before the asset let's say to see is as Fall is required
the first time it will not work because it will not be cashed with prefetch it will be cash even before
you need it there also is update mode.
I guess you can see it down there.
Now this is important for the case that you're pushing a new version of your angular app and data for
all of your service worker to your server and the user is already browsing on that server and it will
get informed about the new service worker and now the service worker can already prefetch the updated
assets or load them easily when they are required.
Now the assets which should be loaded are the resource S10 resources has one key property the files
and there you have an array pointing to the files you want to cache.
You can point at something like the H mail fault and this is always seen relative from the dist folder.
So from the folder you will have in the end want to deploy this.
But you can also set up patterns like every C S S file or every javascript file in the root folder.
Or you could say every C is as file in any subfolder.
This is what this pattern would say.
So you can also set up galop patterns like this or directly point at the file you want to use without
the hash because you can't know the hash in advance.
Angular will generate that automatically will take the unharassed filenames here and then automatically
generate a service worker which will take the hashes into account.
Now here we get a second group for.
Well basically all images we got on it differs from the first one in regarding the fact that it's only
pre-loading dad if we need them if we wisit to them or use them at least once and this is leading to
the behavior we have right now.
Now we got one Alber aesthetic set which is not included here.
And that is our external Funt.
It's not changing or at least not regularly so we can treat it as static but it's not included here
because it's not one of our files.
But we can take it from the index edge HTML file by just copying that entire link which will be requested
eventually and then we can go back to the NGO w conflict file and there we tell angular that we also
want to cache this.
Now we don't edit two files because this is for local faults.
There is an additional resource type in the fine and that is you are.
Else it's also an array of strings.
But here we put you or else like this one which are reaching out to service to then fetch resources
from there.
With that added Let's save that file.
Quit your server down there and let's go back into our root project folder and let's create a number
build with Engy build crotched like this.
And once this is done and we revisit the dist folder and serve that again we should see that the fund
is also loaded in an offline mode so we go into the dist folder into angler P.W. a rerun that H to the
PS server command and lets reload that page.
And with it reload it and you might also close it and open a new tab to ensure that the new service
record gets really loaded.
And it's not still using an old one with that load.
You can take that off line box here again or since I always need it to do that.
Simply turn the Wi-Fi off.
Go to the network tab to see all requests and reload the page.
And now you should see that the fun here all is not marked as read but is actually loading the font
as it should.
So this is now also working it's not all of fetching this and we're still for now again able to use
it in offline mode.
That font.
Now what about the API.